Update Best Practices for Identifying Users page (#4117)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/spec/best-practices-identify.md

```js
{
  "anonymousId": "bd077b70-816b-448b-ae79-2f5f7d856513"
  "context": {
    "ip": "0.0.0.0",
    "library": {
      "name": "analytics.js",
      "version": "3.11.4"
    },
    "locale": "en-US",
    "page":{
      "path":"/"
      "referrer": "",
      "search": "",
      "title": "Email Signup",
      "url": "https://somesite.email"
      },
    "userAgent": "Mozilla/5.0"
    },
    "integrations": {},
    "messageId": "ajs-84d32beb4273e661a2257bfef41c4964",
    "originalTimestamp": "2020-04-23T22:38:48.55Z",
    "properties":{
      "path": "/",
      "referrer": "",
      "search": "",
      "title": "Home Page",
      "url": "https://somesite.com"
    },
  "recievedAt": "2020-04-23T22:38:48.55Z",
  "sentAt": "2020-04-23T22:38:48.55Z",
  "timestamp": "2020-04-23T22:38:48.55Z",
  "traits"{
    "email": "jvisitor@thissite.com",
    "first_name": "Joe"
    "last_name": "Visitor"
  },
  "type": "page",
  "UserId": null
}
```

<!--[No UserId in Payload](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78389005/214353985-599e7456-9295-4cb3-b97c-b30a9b905fcf.png)-->

## Full User Registration 

> An anonymous visitor registers for an account and becomes a known user. The account creation process allows you to assign a `userId` from your production database, as well as capture additional traits. For this example, the `userId` that is assigned is "123abc". This is when you'll want to fire an `identify` call with this user's newly assigned `userId` and additional traits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An anonymous visitor registers for an account and becomes a known user. The account creation process allows you to assign a `userId` from your production database and capture additional traits. For this example, the `userId` that is assigned is "123abc". This is when you'll want to fire an `identify` call with this user's newly assigned `userId` and additional traits.
```

When you make an [identify](/docs/connections/spec/identify) call using Segment's Analytics.js library, Segment saves the `userId` to the browser cookie, and writes all the user traits in `localStorage`. If you're using one of the Segment mobile libraries, the `userId` and traits are stored in the device's memory. This makes it possible to append the user's data to all subsequent [page calls](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript#page) or [track calls](/docs/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript#track) for the user, so you can properly attribute those actions.

If a user returns to your site after the [cookie expires](#id-expiration-and-overwriting), Analytics.js looks for an old ID in the user's `localStorage`, and if one is found, sets it as the user's ID again in a new cookie. If the user clears their cookies *and* `localStorage`, all of the IDs are removed and the user gets a completely new `anonymousId` when they next visit the page.

Whenever possible, follow the `identify` call with a `track` event that records what caused the user to be identified.

## AnonymousId generation

> If you're using Segment's browser or mobile libraries, the Segment SDK generates and sets a UUID as `anonymousID` at the user's first presence. That `anonymousId` is saved in the user's cookie, as well as localStorage, and will stick with that user until the cache is cleared or a `reset` call is triggered. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Segment's browser or mobile libraries, the Segment SDK generates and sets a UUID as `anonymousID` at the user's first visit to your site. That `anonymousId` is saved in the user's cookie, as well as localStorage, and will stick with that user until the cache is cleared or a `reset` call is triggered. 
```
